Damien, Damien, why didn't you tell me you just got in? I would have waited for you with
a tarmac.
I'm going to realize the CEO, Damien Green, he's selling himself.
What?
He's really the owner of Ellis Airlines?
Who's with him?
They seem close.
Let's be his girlfriend.
Your chance for me.
He already has a girlfriend.
What I do, and where I go, is none of your business.
Since you're here, why don't you show some of the newcomers around?
You.
Come with me.
It's been a while.
How have you been?
How do you think?
You've achieved your dreams of flying.
You've started the world's largest airline.
Plus you have a beautiful girlfriend.
So you must be doing well.
How are you still smiling?
Did you forget how you betrayed me five years ago?